then for the men of kiriath jearim came
and took the Ark of the Lord and brought
it into the house of abinadab on the
hill and consecrated Eliezer his son to
keep the Ark of the Lord so it was that
the Ark remained in kiriath-jearim a
long time it was there 20 years and all
the house of Israel lamented after the
Lord then samuel spoke to all the house
of israel if you return to the Lord with
all your hearts then put away the
foreign gods and the ashteroth
from among you and prepare your hearts
for the Lord and serve him only and he
will deliver you from the hand of the
Philistines so the children of Israel
put away the bales and the ashteroth and
served the Lord only and Samuel said
gather all Israel to Misbah and I will
pray to the Lord for you so they
gathered together at Misbah
drew water and poured it out before the
law and they fasted that day and said
there we have sinned against the Lord
and Samuel judged the children of Israel
at Misbah now when the Philistines heard
that the children of Israel had gathered
together at Mizpah the Lords of the
Philistines went up against Israel and
when the children of Israel heard of it
they were afraid of the Philistines so
the children of Israel said to Samuel do
not cease to cry out to the Lord our God
for us that he may save us from the hand
of the Philistines and Samuel took a
suckling lamb and offered it as a whole
burnt offering to the Lord
then Samuel cried out to the Lord for
Israel and the Lord answered him now as
Samuel was offering up the burnt
offering the Philistines drew near to
battle against Israel but the Lord
thundered with a loud thunder upon the
Philistines that dead and so confused
them but they were overcome before
Israel and the man of Israel went out of
miss Bella and pursued the Philistines
and drove them back as far as below
Beth car and Samuel took a stone and set
it up between misper and Shem and called
it's named Ebenezer thus far the Lord
has helped us so the Philistines were
subdued and they did not come any more
into the territory of Israel and the
hand of the Lord was against the
Philistines all the days of Samuel then
the cities which the Philistines had
taken from Israel were restored to
Israel from ekron to Gath and Israel
recovered its territory from the hands
of the Philistines also there was peace
between Israel and the amorite and
Samuel judged Israel all the days of his
life he went from year to year on a
circuit to Bethel Gilgo and Mizpah and
judged Israel in all those places but he
always returned to Rhema for his home
was there there he judged Israel and
there he built an altar to the Lord
[Music]
you